Add migration guides (#1056)
api3dao/api3-docs: docs/airnode/v0.9/reference/migration.md

## Migration Guide

The following guide assumes a valid v0.8.x `config.json` file. All changes
listed below will need to be implemented in order to migrate to Airnode v0.9.0.
This document is written in a way that will preserve existing behaviour with
earlier Airnode versions.

The document also mentions changes of the user facing services related to
Airnode, such as airnode-deployer, airnode-admin and more.

### Summary

1. `ois[n].oisFormat` updated to "1.2.0"

2. `nodeSettings.nodeVersion` updated to "0.9.0"

3. `airnode-deployer remove-with-deployment-details` now accepts a full
   `--airnode-address` argument instead of the short airnode address
   (`--airnode-address-short`)

### Details

1. `ois[n].oisFormat`

Updated to "1.2.0"

```diff
{
-  "oisFormat": "1.1.1"
+  "oisFormat": "1.2.0"
}
```

2. `nodeSettings.nodeVersion`

Updated to "0.9.0"

```diff
{
-  "nodeVersion": "0.8.0"
+  "nodeVersion": "0.9.0"
}
```

3. `airnode-deployer remove-with-deployment-details` accepts `--airnode-address`
   parameter

> In version 0.9. the airnode-deployer undergone an internal refactor which
> improves cloud provider deployments. The only user facing change is that

Reviewer: Minor
```suggestion
In Airnode v0.9, the `airnode-deployer` underwent an internal refactor to
improve cloud provider deployments. The only user facing change is that
```

> deployer no longer uses short Airnode address to remove airnode when using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the deployer no longer uses the short Airnode address to remove an Airnode when executing the
```

Author: I changed it to:
```
The only user facing change is that the deployer
uses the full Airnode address instead of the shortened one when executing the
`remove-with-deployment-details` command
```

as that describes the change better.

Reviewer: Yes even better.

Reviewer 2: So is this resolved, @dcroote
